hi so this movie is so quiet I could
hear the movie playing next door
this movie is so quiet I heard someone's
digestive system in the movie
functioning it's so quiet I had to open
my can of soda when I got home that's
kind of the beauty of it I know the most
people Jim from the office is always
going to be Jim from the office and I
don't know if this movie's gonna change
that I mean my home he's been trying
real hard auditioning for the toughest
roles he can find
but he's always gonna be this to me
however his directorial debut gets a
solid jr. price from me since it's a
movie that deserves to be experienced in
theaters if people knew how to shut up
let me explain so the year is 2020 and
the whole world has pretty much been
taken over by these gamma corrigan big
weird-looking monsters that feast on
their prey just by hearing them out and
that's why the entire world has pretty
much turned into this gigantic library
John Krasinski's family has survived
along with a little hint that there's
other communities out there who light up
their matches during Twilight except for
this one kid right here who's the
youngest of the bunch who decided to
shop at Toys R Us for the closing sale
and he gets got because of this Rockets
even after that incident John still
decides to knock off his wife knowing
the dangers that it can cause but I mean
let's be blunt
Emily's hot I thought it was interesting
that he cast his own life in real life
to actually play the role because it
automatically gives him chemistry but
what I thought was a very altered
decision was to cast his real-life pet
monster as the monster in the movie on
top of that the girl who plays the
daughter is actually defin real-life
like she is in the movie and she just
leaves me wonder struck with all of her
performances especially when you realize
that this girl looks just like joel
edgerton like they need to get her this
other dude and joel to play a family of
three in a movie and explain the monster
because I'm sure that that's what a lot
of people want to know more about we got
to take a little sneak peek at John's
crazy conspiracy notes going on here as
we figure out that there's at least
three that are near him they're known as
fallen or dark angels alluding to the
fact that they're aliens that fell from
the sky who scoped out earth just by
hearing them out and considering that we
have so much noise pollution they pretty
much just came here and started feasting
on us some have tried connecting it to
Cloverfield since it is a Paramount
movie and it has a similar aesthetic to
10 Cloverfield Lane and I guess you can
since paradox pretty much said that any
monster movie can just be a parallel
universe Cloverfield movie
and this one maybe is and it just so
happens to take place in Scranton you
can see the metaphor of the movie as
being about parenting since the two
remaining kids want to swap roles and
the parents kind of got to deal with
that giving birth to a child is
dangerous at any point in time mine
isn't being the apocalypse and because
we live in a world where you got to
teach your kids that if you say anything
anything at all damn vultures on the
internet will come and eat you up you
can kind of connect it now I think it is
a theater experience because of the
sound right should the music have been
as loud considering that there was a big
emphasis on it being a quiet place
should these dudes be stamping their
hands all around and making loud noises
to scare the audience when they know it
should be a quiet place
but I thought story-wise it was touching
that the dads sacrificed towards the end
of the movie that his creation for his
daughter the hearing aid ends up being
the thing that saves them as the
frequencies in her earpiece are what
kills these beings that her and her mom
get locked and loaded to take out the
other two creatures and we assume as the
movie ends that are gonna use all the
dad's leftover gadgets to create this
huge doggy whistle frequency thing and
that way they can take back the earth
and you know do the complete opposite of
the title so whether you think this
movie is about parenting whether you
think it's about survival or dealing
with the Internet
there's no doubt that the main message
you can get out of this movie is that
sometimes you should just be
you